# March 17, 2021

## Agenda:

1. Agenda & Action items
1. What events to focus on?
1. Interviews / BIOs
1. News tips
1. One news letter system vs two
1. typeface on site
1. meta-cards (twitter, SEO, etc.)
1. ditch hootsite

## Action Items: 

 1. Setup issue templates for agenda / action protocol -- Bryan
 1. Make wiki page for marketing sources -- Bryan
 1. Make template for interview questions -- Oliver
 1. Retire hootsuite and provide marcom access to post on linkedin itself. -- Bryan
 1. Find and propose a more suitable font for the site, which is also FLOSS -- Marcom

## Attendees:

- Alistair Woodman
- Bryan Paxton
- Lucila Dominguez 
- Gerardo Borras
- Oliver Weiss

### Agenda & Actions items protocol:

Bryan raised the issue of using a protocol ala build and packaging for agenda and action items 

See https://github.com/erlef/build-and-packaging-wg/ as an example. 

Bryan noted that Miriam was in agreement with this in the previous meeting.

Consensus reached to go forward with this.

Action item: Setup issue templates for agenda / action protocol -- Bryan

### What events should marcom focus on? 
 
 Marcom team enquired as to what should be the focus event wise until the next big event. 

 Nothing big until May 19th (code beam europe) -- Bryan

 Focus on meetups / Bolstering -- Oliver

 Alistair agreed we should have a stronger focus on promoting meetup events. 

 Marcom agreed this is a good goal.

Action item : Make wiki for marketing resources, which includes meetups -- Bryan

### First interview this week

- Should have a template of questions in place? -- Alistair
    - The group agrees this is a good idea

- Bryan has ideas for next canidates for interviews, but will save for next meeting -- Bryan

- Ideas were floated around possibly having a podcast for this, but the group agreed we should promote and work with podcasters vs trying to start our own.

- What about release protocol, specifically about consent to publish? -- Alistair
    - The group agreed that we should have this in place, Alistair will look further into this. 

Action Item : Make template for interview questions -- Oliver

### Have any news tips come in? 

- No news tips in email -- Lucilia

- No news tips in database, thought we haven't announced it yet -- Bryan

- No action items

### News letter split system problem

- Is wildapricot sufficient for getting out news letters? -- Bryan
    -  Bryan noted since we have agreed to keep the content of a newsletter announcment to a minimum (i.e., simply link to a newsletter on the site), the tool doesn't have to be    
    great

The group agreed that mailchimp should be retired and we should simply use wildapricot to get out emails around news letters

### Type face on font requires a licence

- The primary font on the site technically requires a license, and presents SEO problems -- Gerardo 
- Others have stated they did not like the type face regardless of the license and SEO issues -- Bryan

The group agreed the font needs to be replaced. 

Action item: marcom team will find and propose a more suitable font which is free / open source / CC

### Do we need meta data? twitter datas

- Should we make use of twitter cards (metadata) for presenting links on the site? -- Bryan
   - Bryan noted it's not only used on twitter, but other sites
   - Marcom stated they would look further into value of this

No action items

### Do we want to ditch hootsuite?

Since we're only using twitter, linkedin, and email at this time, should we retire hootsuite? -- Bryan
  - Bryan noted we can simply give the marcom team access to post on linkedin from their own accounts
  - The marcom team agreed that hootsuite doesn't offer us a lot of value and that we may be look into other tools in the futuree

  Action item: Retire hootsuite and provide marcom access to post on linkedin itself. -- Bryan
