# March 31, 2021

## Agenda:

1. Public site analytics
1. April Planing
1. March and April interviews / bios
1. Design presentation
1. Site previews in pull requests

## Action Items: 

 1. Enable public analytics and add link on erlef.org -- Bryan
 1. Publish first interview/bio article -- Bryan
 1. Setup gigalixir on website repo for site previews in pull requests -- Bryan
    
## Attendees:

- Alistair Woodman
- Bryan Paxton
- Lucila Dominguez 
- Gerardo Borras
- Oliver Weiss

### Should we make our website analytics public?

https://github.com/erlef/marketing-wg/issues/43

Bryan raised the issue of making our site analytics via plausible available to the public. 
The group discussed and agreed it is good for transparency, especially for our privacy conscious visitors. 

Bryan will complete the actions associated with the agenda item. 

### April planning

https://github.com/erlef/marketing-wg/issues/44

Lucila presented a plan for april that consists of : 

Lucila suggested communicating more about sponsors. Sponsors would be selected randomly. The focus would be on two sponsors a month since we currently have 26 we will focus on 2 a month, 

Alistair advised to not get attached to 2 a month because our number of sponsors will be increasing. 

The group agreed. 

Lucila suggested communicating more about working group activity. Similar to sponsors, 2 working groups would be selected at random per month. 

The group agreed. 

### March and April interviews

https://github.com/erlef/marketing-wg/issues/45

Lucilia brought to the table the first interview/bio article as part of a new marketing initiative to grow our
ecosystem. Namely, interviewing the not-so-well known. 

The group agreed this was a good start and to publish the article after the meeting. 

The group discussed candidates for April and will reach out to said candidates following the meeting.

Bryan will work with marcom on getting the article published today. 

No other immediate action items, interviews are planned for some time in April. 

### Design presentation 

https://github.com/erlef/marketing-wg/issues/46

Gera presented his proposal for an alternave font for erlef.org. The current font is Canada Gibson, which may be
problematic on some devices and potentially has licensing issues. 

Inter and Chivo were proposed. 

The group decided on Inter (https://fonts.google.com/share?selection.family=Inter:wght@300;400;500;600;700;800) t

Gera also presented in his proposal ideas for new color schemes, icons, etc. The group agreed that the site needs
improving. Bryan will work with the marcom team on these ideas, which in theory should be a quick change in regards to fonts, however the color changes and other misc. improvements require further collaboration and discussion. 

No tangible action items as of yet.

### Site preview on pull requests

As part of the discussion around Gera's design presentation, Bryan suggested that we utilizee gigalixir for spinning up preview instances in pull requests.

Bryan will create a "dangling" action item for this since it was not explicitly defined as an objective for an agenda item.
