## Marketing WG Meeting – February 2026



**Bonfire Networks**

Dan and Alistair met with Bonfire Networks (https://bonfirenetworks.org/). Bonfire is an open, community-first social infrastructure built in Elixir. It connects Mastodon, Bluesky, and other social platforms (not X or LinkedIn). This could help us automate parts of the social posting process.



**Sponsors**

We need to update the presentation slide to include the new sponsors.



**Events**

Dan will be speaking at ElixirConf Málaga. More details coming soon.



**GitHub / Marketing WG Repo**

Dan updated the Marketing WG GitHub repository. Going forward, we will publish articles there so we don’t need Jonatan to approve pull requests. This should speed up the process and give the WG more control.



**FOSDEM**

FOSDEM was a good event. Some attendees were not familiar with Erlang, which reinforces the need for the microsite we are currently working on.



There were many community talks: https://beam-fosdem.dev/schedule/ We will publish the videos once they are available.



**Microsite**

Dan couldn’t make progress on the microsite due to FOSDEM, but will start working on the content soon so Javier can continue with the implementation.



**Newsletter**

Mari’s MJML proposal worked, but needs some adjustments (for example, avoiding a dark theme). Dan will share further feedback soon. The intention is to send the newsletter monthly.



**Marcom Team Report**

Pau and Mari shared a recap of last year’s work and an analysis of EEF social networks: https://www.figma.com/deck/IxS47oqnOVFzysXwNIPIpz 



Notes:

* Share the identity restyling with Javi so it can be included in the microsite design.
* Event kit: add stickers.
* YouTube series: move forward with the stipend recipient series and continue GTKU when possible. It would also be a good idea to interview sponsors.
